[suspenseful music playing]
[Hermit] If it's not too much trouble,
I'd like you to return my body
to Iron Hill.
I guess they couldn't bring back
her heart with them after all.
-[alarm blaring]
-[Witch] This alarm is different!
-[gasps]
-[all screaming]
[Mosco] M-M-M-Moscoy!
What's going on?!
[Spider] It is I, Master Spider,
the genius hacker!
-[Rebecca] Who?
-You might remember me
as Jamilov the Killer, back on Digitalis.
It was you?!
You were the one trying
to hack the Edens Zero?
[all screaming]
[screaming continues]
[Spider, giggling]
Try and beat me in this world!
-[thud]
-You got lucky before.
But I promise you
I'm not gonna lose like that again,
because you'll be dead!
[crazed laugh]
[gasps]
-[electricity crackling]
-[explosion]
-[gasps]
-[blast]
[rumbling]
[explosion]
-What was that?!
-It sounded like an explosion.
[Witch] He's causing the Edens Zero
to be destroyed from within!
How?!
What do we do?
Mos-moscoy!
Cower in fear!
If this continues, the entirety
of the Edens Zero will be destroyed!
We can't just sit around here!
Are we able to restore functionality
to the ship's systems?
The only one capable
of doing that is Hermit,
but that's her choice to make.
Then what are we waiting for?
Let's go get her!
[Witch] Are you listening to us, Hermit?
[clattering]
Yes, I heard all of it.
[Witch] You are the only one
who can handle a situation like this.
I'm afraid I can't help.
Just evacuate the ship.
[Witch] Hermit, please!
[blasts]
-[gasps]
-I'll see if I can talk to her.
Count me in!
I'm coming, too.
Me too!
What am I supposed to do? Die?
Master Weisz and Sister!
We need to begin repairs right away!
-I knew I should've stayed on Norma.
-Oooh.
Please! Can I…?
Okay, you can help. Shut up.
Moscoy!
[rumbling]
[explosion]
[explosion continues in distance]
[Hermit] If I die,
so be it.
I'm coming, Hermit!
Ship or no ship,
I'm getting you out of here!
And I'm not taking no for an answer!
I don't care anymore.
[delicate music playing]
[Hermit] Ether Accelerator?
[Dr. Müller] Yes, it's a device that
will save many machines to come.
You mean it? Is that possible?
Well, we want you to help us craft it.
And you're the only one who can do this.
Mankind's is desperate for your help.
Will you consider
lending us a hand, Hermit?
[gasps]
Of course, I would be honored!
Thank you, Dr. Müller!
["FOREVER" by L'ArcenCiel playing]
FIREWORKS
15 YEARS AGO
PLANET NEWTON
MÜLLER ROYAL LABORATORIES
[Dr. Müller] This is the Ether Accelerator
Prototype Number 6.
That's' a pretty dangerous-looking cannon.
I know it appears intimidating,
but once complete,
we can save all the machines
on Planet Hook.
But we've run into a problem.
We're unable to stabilize
the Ether Fusion Reactor
with the technology at our disposal.
If you're really trying
to stabilize an Ether of this size,
I see why you need my help.
[Hermit]
What's this Planet Hook you mentioned?
It's a world full of sadness,
not too far from where we are.
[Dr. Müller] It's where machines
discarded and abandoned by human beings,
spend the remainder of their lives.
It's tragic, really.
Machines lost without anywhere to go,
without any purpose.
On top of that, Planet Hook is suffering
from a serious shortage of Ether.
That's awful.
[Dr. Müller]
Once the Ether Accelerator is completed,
we can resupply
the planet's Ether and rectify this.
[Hermit] What you're doing
is very kind-hearted.
I don't understand.
Why are you going through all this trouble
to save a planet like that?
Just as machines need humans,
humans can't live without machines.
There's a special bond that connects us.
I believe friendships exist between us.
It may sound odd,
but I'm more than ready
to do whatever it takes
to protect that special bond.
[gasps in admiration]
[Dr. Müller chuckles]
How embarrassing!
I suppose I let myself
get carried away for a moment.
-So sorry.
-Don't say that!
I thought your words were beautiful.
I would be honored to help
with your research however I can!
[explosions continue]
Are you listening to me?
There's no point in doing this!
He's damaging the ship faster
than we can repair it!
[Witch] But we have to do whatever we can!
I'll increase the ship's shield
to full power!
What are you doing?!
Can't you just fix all this shit
with your healing ability?
My healing power
only works on living beings, idiot.
If all Four Shining Stars
of the Demon King were here,
then it might be a different story.
-Hmm!
-Will you cut it out!?
[crazed laugh]
It won't be long now until all of you
are blasted to smithereens!
[grunts]
[Spider]
Let this be a lesson to what happens
when you cross me, mongrels.
[crazed laugh]
Look at the pathetic look
on your stupid face!
I love it, I love it!
[rumbling and explosions continue]
[Shiki] Hermit, come on!
[banging]
I know you're in there! Open the door!
We are running out of time!
Hermit, please!
-No good, the whole thing is locked up!
-[beeps]
[banging]
-[Homura] I have no choice.
-[gasp]
Leave this to me.
Stand back.
Don't you get it?!
You're the only one who can save us!
[Shiki] Without you,
everyone on this ship is doomed!
[dramatic music playing]
[Hermit] They will all be destroyed.
It's up to me.
[beeping]
They will all be destroyed. I's up to me.
[researcher] Easy there, Hermit.
How about you take
a break for a second, huh?
[Hermit] But I'm so close!
I can't lose my focus
when I'm this close to finishing up
the calculations needed
to stabilize the Ether Fusion Reactor.
-[chuckling] Alright, If you say so.
-[chuckles]
[Hermit] I can't help but notice that
humans and machines work side-by-side
here at Müller Royal Laboratories.
Why is that?
[researcher 1]
That's our laboratory's motto.
[researcher 2] We believe in Dr. Müller!
I think it's great.
Humans and machines working together.
You think I could be friends with a human?
If you look around,
you'll see you already have human friends.
He's right!
Hi, Hermit.
Unfortunately I'm not a human
like the others, but can we be friends?
[gasps]
[Hermit] You mean it?
You really want to be my friend?
We're pretty much colleagues,
so sure, why not?
-We should go shopping together one day!
-We'll hang out sometime, y'know!
[excited gasp]
[upbeat music playing]
[Hermit] Huh?
You're seriously going to Planet Hook?
Mm-hmm.
The other machine scientists
are going as well.
There is onsite work to be done.
Do you have to go?
[android] Hook is a planet
only for machines.
Humans can't go there.
[Hermit] But why do all
the machine scientists have to go?
[android] Believe it not,
that is how big the operation is.
We have to install the receiver
for the Ether Accelerator,
and it is most certainly
not a one-man job.
It's going to take every one of us.
[Hermit] Nobody told me about this.
Your job is here.
It's up to you to finish
the Ether Accelerator with Dr. Müller.
But what if I mess everything up?
[android] I have many worries,
but that is not one of them.
We all trust you. Have faith in yourself.
I'm sure it will work out just perfectly.
[chuckles gently]
[Hermit] Dr. Müller told me this operation
is gonna save tons of machines.
-Isn't that amazing?
-[android] Very much so.
Once this operation is over, I hope to do
something just as amazing for the humans.
-What do you think of that?
-[Hermit] Knowing Dr. Müller,
the only thing he'll probably want
is a back massage.
Hope you're good with your hands!
[android] You're so right.
[both laugh]
X477 YEARS - JUNE 18TH
[Dr. Müller]
The moment of truth is upon us.
[researcher 1] We received word
from the on-site personnel
that the receiver is in place
and ready to go.
[researcher 2]
Ether Accelerator testing complete.
All systems green.
Not to worry.
Each one of your calculations was perfect!
Right!
Doctor, once we finish up here…
Well, something is just on my mind.
What is it?
I wondered If maybe
you wanted to be my friend?!
[gasps]
You'll have to forgive me,
because I thought we were
already friends to begin with.
[gasps]
[scientists chuckling]
Oh…
Really?
Set everything in motion!
Prepare to fire Ether Accelerator C-7.
Do your best, everyone!
[whirring]
[researcher] Firing in five,
four,
three,
two,
one.
Firing.
[blast]
[grand, hopeful music playing]
After all, Planet Hook's
Ether shortage will finally be resolved.
So many machines
will be saved thanks to this.
-[alarm blaring]
-[gasps]
Port 207 is malfunctioning
over here on Planet Hook!
-It's not going to work!
-[gasps]
[android] The Ether that we're using
doesn't seem to be
compatible with the receiver!
What?
-[android] This is Port 201!
-[alarmed androids overlapping]
[androids overlapping]
If you don't shut off the Accelerator,
Hook will be destroyed!
[gasps]
Ether is overloading--
[flat beeping]
[silence]
[echoing boom]
[desperate] No!
[Hermit] How…?
How did this…
Success! Mission accomplished!
[all cheering]
-[Hermit] Huh?
-[cheering continues]
[evil chuckle]
Now dispose of that
vile garbage immediately!
[cocking guns]
[Hermit] Doctor…
I don't understand what's going on here.
[evil chuckle]
You seriously haven't figured it out?
That's because all you androids
are ridiculously stupid!
[Dr. Müller]
You built the Ether Accelerator Cannon.
A weapon of mass destruction!
I built… something that horrible?
That's right!
It was revolting
having to work so close to you,
but it all paid off in the end.
[trembling]
[Dr. Müller] Operation Cleaner's mission
was to destroy all trash on Planet Hook,
and all in one fell swoop.
This… can't be happening.
I figured it would be best
to keep you here in case
something went wrong along the way,
-but we don't need you anymore!
-But you said,
that man and machine had a bond…
and could even be friends.
[Dr. Müller] What?!
Humans are clearly superior!
We'll destroy every living machine
in the universe to prove it!
How dare you and those vermin
parade around with your bullshit empathy
pretending to be humans,
when you're the farthest thing from one!
Just kill that thing!
I'm not kidding!
It's making me want to puke.
Put the damn thing down.
Hold on a second there, Doctor.
Let's think rationally.
The operation was a huge success…
-[sobbing]
-…and she is still useful, isn't she?
[Doctor Müller] Hmm?
So how about we conduct an experiment
on her with the Ether Extractor?
[Dr. Müller] Ooh, yes!
That could be interesting!
No… Doctor! Please, don't!
Relax, Hermit,
it's just me, your friend! [laughs]
-[ripping]
-[Hermit screams]
[scientists laughing evilly]
[atmospheric music playing]
What's the delay?!
Increase the power, damn it!
The subject might not withstand
any more torture.
Who cares what happens
to that pile of junk?!
I wanna see it blown to hell!
But remember the androids during
the C-7 Operation two years ago?
They've all been destroyed.
[researcher 1]
This is the last one remaining.
[researcher 2] I doubt she'll last longer
after being experimented on
for nearly two years straight.
Don't tell me you feel pity
for this piece of trash!
-Filthy machine!
-[thud]
Now smile.
Ah, yes! Good girl.
Isn't that better?
Now hold still,
-and smile!
-[loud punch]
I guess it can't be helped.
Yeah, but he always does the same thing.
It's getting boring.
This better be the last one today,
like he promised us.
-[crazed laugh]
-[hitting]
I love that face of yours!
Keep smiling like a good little girl!
[crazed laugh]
Oh well, she lasted pretty long.
-Sure did.
-Yeah, the little android and the doctor.
-[distant explosion]
-[Dr. Müller] Who do you think you are?!
[soldier 1]
Don't let the scientists escape!
-[troops advancing]
-[people screaming]
[soldier 2]
We've taken control of floors A through F!
[soldier 1]
Hey, there's another floor below us.
[soldier 3] I'm going in.
[blast]
[soldier 2] We discovered an android
that appears to have been tortured.
The damage is severe.
Don't you dare touch that!
That's mine! My personal guinea pig!
That's enough whining, Dr. Müller.
Your experiments of terror
are coming to an end.
[captain]
We're shutting down this laboratory
as ordered by the authority
of the Interstellar Union Army.
-[Dr. Müller] Let go of me at once!
-[soldier 3] Stop resisting.
[Müller] You know who you're messing with?
Don't touch me, you cretin!
[soldier 1] Hey, you!
Where are you going?
[soldier 2] You're safe now.
We have lots of questions
for you to answer.
[captain]
I doubt she'll ever recover from this.
[soldier 1] Captain.
[captain] She finally has her freedom.
The least we can do
is let her pick her own grave.
[Hermit] That's why I went to Digitalis,
where I'd never have to see
another human again.
But now…
-Watch out! [groans]
-[clang]
[Hermit]
I'm stuck dealing with humans again.
[grunt]
-[Rebecca and Happy] Shiki!
-Master!
[Homura] Was he trying to catch that?
What an idiot.
Oh, sorry!
Hermit, please!
You're the only one capable
of saving us. Come on!
[Hermit] I refuse to help humans.
Yeah, but we're androids also.
And I understood that Witch and Sister
have been two of your closest friends.
[Hermit] I hate androids who side
with humans just as much.
[crashing]
[grunts]
This room is going to collapse soon.
Hmm.
Can I talk to you for a second?
Please, Hermit?
[poignant music playing]
[Rebecca] I want you to look
into my eyes when I say this.
I don't need to know
why you hate humans so much.
It's actually none of my business .
But I can promise you one thing.
The humans here do care about machines.
[Rebecca] After all, Happy
is my best friend and he's an android.
That's right.
[Rebecca] And Homura's
previous teacher was Valkyrie.
She is very important to me.
[Rebecca] Weisz is friendly
with everyone here for the most part.
And Shiki grew up on a robot planet,
raised by machines.
[Hermit] I understand all that,
because Granbell
is home to all of us as well.
When he left the robots,
they were each infected.
A virus made them all turn violent.
Can you imagine that?
The people who you saw as friends
suddenly attacking you
after spending your whole life with them?
[gasps]
[inaudible]
[Rebecca] But even after all that,
Shiki still thinks
of those machines as his friends.
He never felt lonely
because he always had them by his side.
[poignant music continues]
[cries]
Shiki isn't like anyone I've known.
Whether they are human or machine.
He only sees them for their hearts.
[cries]
You don't understand
what I've been through.
No one can.
So I'm alone. [cries]
Humans made me forget who I am.
[Shiki] No, we don't know.
[Hermit] Then just leave me alone!
Evacuate the ship and let me die here!
We're not just gonna leave you here.
Why not?!
Because…
You've been crying this entire time,
haven't you?
[crying]
[Shiki] Those tears are because you know,
deep down in your heart,
that not all humans are bad.
But everything you feel
towards humans is valid
and I understand
if you still can't trust them.
How about this?
Just follow your instincts.
[crying]
[Shiki] I've come this far,
because I chose to believe in you.
I guarantee that, faith in you
is why I'm not leaving this ship.
[gasp in awe]
What do you want Hermit? It's up to you.
[Hermit] I just…
[crying]
I just wanted…
[sobbing]
I just I want to have… human friends.
[uplifting music rises]
[chuckles softly]
[both giggle]
[gasps]
[music builds]
[triumphant music soars]
[Witch] What happened?
The Edens Zero's systems
are rapidly recovering!
It's gotta be Hermit!
Moscoy!
[triumphant music continues]
Holy crap!
The damage is being undone!
Wait! What's going on here?!
No. This can't be happening right now!
How are my systems being hacked?!
-[alarm blaring]
-[Hermit] Emerald Sector,
X-6-4-3-3-2,
Y-4-2-5-6-0,
Z-1-3-7-6-2.
I've locked onto your location.
[Spider] You…?
You mean you know where I am?
I'm sure you realized this little detail
when you hacked into Edens Zero.
[whimpers]
[Hermit] But your measly little ship
just so happens to be in range
of our super extended-range cannon.
[all teasing]
[Spider] Stop!
[Spider screams]
[fireworks popping]
[Hermit] Nah, I'm kidding.
It's fireworks, stupid.
-[groaning]
-[toilet flushing]
[all laughing]
-[Shiki] Did you see the look on his face?
-[Rebecca] You saved all of us, Hermit!
[Shiki] You're the coolest!
Just like I said.
Hmm?
[Witch] She has the most wonderful smile.
[Hermit laughing]
["" by Sayuri playing]
THE TEMPLE OF KNOWLEDGE